= SphinxTV

The purpose of this gem is to provide an installer/configurator to ease the setup of a Mac Mini as a media server.
MythTV is the primary focus for this installer (MythTV + Big Cat in the OS makes for the Sphinx name.) Included in the
modules is Shepherd, an Australian TV grabber which integrates well with MythTV and allows for a great free TV guide
on the MythTV side of things.

At this point SphinxTV is regarded to be in extreme Alpha. It is on Github in the interests of the people that are
alpha testing it for me. I intend to continue to develop and expand on this as time allows (this is a hobby project
for me at this point.)

The goal is to have a website up and running in the coming months that will help detail the setup of a very functional
home entertainment system using Mac Mini hardware.

== Gem Installation

Easy:

    gem install sphinx_tv

== Using SphinxTV

=== Prerequisites

You must have the Xcode command line tools installed to use SphinxTV. Xcode is freely available on the Mac App Store.
The command line tools can be installed from the preferences in Xcode under the downloads tab.

=== Setup

    sphinx_tv setup

Turn on the modules that you wish to install and configure.

=== Download

    sphinx_tv download

Option step but will just do all the necessary downloading for the modules that have been configured in the setup stage.

=== Installation

    sphinx_tv install

This runs through the install of each module. If the download wasn't run seperately, then the downloads will be done
on-demand at ths start of the module install.

=== Configuration

    sphinx_tv configure

Post installation configuration.

== Modules

=== MySQL

=== MythTV

=== Shepherd
